this movie of 87 most in the roda jacques
ctec leaving is that I will neither see abc
It is using the left of venia
8 of the world and I'm here as one more
video how to do and I talked about
today is grape horns as goal was
do five strawberries only that is not
in soccer game but then I had to use
clothes but you choose so much I find
that the time will be much better and our
cover of a time she already made
because he was afraid and did not
even if it has chocolate coating
he called the white chocolate filling and
one inside is very simple to do
they are like the ingredients and if they want
just bet watching and it seems
region in general, people of little
thing
milk white chocolate cheeses and arrived
to call him in full truffle dare the
white chocolate and 10 3
so I 'll take the streets empty
white chocolate that will give 300 grams
also quoting that it is the one of other
two that I will do I will do
So much so if you want to do more
Let's do it, just marking it strong.
I just want to do it once, only clothes.
prison bug
this image here I was going to put
microphones were 30 seconds or
even just to give everything indicates second
the ready ones we still do not think like that
what is your heart plus 13 seconds now
I'm going to give you time to dilute the
cars that stayed here and with the
chocolate already in storage or put only 60 ml
cream
I'm halfway through the link that was annoyed
in 2011 our
and now I'm going to take this white chocolate
antenna or player depends on your
hurry so he can keep that
consistency of modeling clay
why imagine the wheel of the balls of the
Trump in the hand so good game today he in the
freezer for half an hour or so
he's at the cool end so clean
He has been to the clay beads of
model then is this project now I
came up with the grapes and I will not even talk to wipe the
powers worked because otherwise
Waiting for Nelson and that's all the streets.
clean and dry then arrested yesterday
that my friend monteiro then for that
Even if I know then I'm waiting.
butter in my hand so I go
get here our very cool day
Who is there, none of us just have to go.
the idea of ​​the agency as Russia 's
young people they were creating because they were
there I will have made through chocolate
bitter that will be the coverage of
status then uses the same bug
was using to have the player
so I 'm going to pass that was
Pronounce joel absurdo
it's our people
the location on a microwave for 40 seconds
and he only made chocolate because he was
Frosty then I'll put somebody else
next and now let's go on the grape ball
in melted chocolate I'm not
here will stay here
so I understood little things here
to put to the test that it will help
yes yes nick boys have any idea where the
like what you read
is that I am boy s
by the clothes are ready and orgies
of the law to harden because I
I like soft and here is one that I do not
I was in the middle so that you can
I have to cut it here because
I was eating and I'm going to tell you what.
for you played fish
here is the chocolate filling cup
white and chocolate called then stayed
It was very cute, but of course it
You'll face more, celebrate, cute.
and also better and effective has been this
that you liked, do not forget
clicking and fought there in writing
comments
what you think and what recipe
I hope that I can next day.
Of course if I know how to do it, I can
good and even the well in judgment
A kiss, bye.
is